The great problem that the West had since ... Forever.
Is that, it invents and builds, then sees an 'Orban' (Hungarian Cannon Maker), sell his 'services' to the Ottoman Mehmet II and see the walls of Constantinople come crumbling down.

That is: Lumen.

**Lumen** = Light. How much 'light' is shed upon a topic. How much others can learn and infer about your capacities and secrets from what you share.

Men of the West or 'whoever', invents something, and to 'profit' they sell it or to empower their brother or friend, they 'share it'; But "Advantage gone. As if having had a spy within your walls. Men can work centuries on progress to beat their foes. Then have one loose lip sink their ship.." 

What I mean, is simply: Transitivity of Power by revealing too much - sharing in ways that allow others to learn and replicate. The refusal of lowering Lumen means controlling what others can infer. Give an apple: Low Lumen (they learn almost nothing). Give 1 billion apples: Medium Lumen (they learn you have massive capacity, but not how to replicate). Give the seed that produces daily apples: Full Lumen (they can replicate, power shared completely).

If the west, had not had Academia and Free Markets, but instead had had, Wizard Worlds who kept their knowledge in locked up Towers of Power; Then we could have shared empowerment without sharing power.

We could have had all the glory and benefit of modernity, but without losing power to wield it fully out of disorganized chaos, war and ruin.

It isn't close how superior that methodology would have been. There isn't a single dimension to which the road chosen by the West is superior to that of Magic and Secrecy: Low to No Lumen.

"If you could, you would.". "If you can, then try" "If you try, then you might at least have something."
But as they all try, only those that really could, would "profit" from it, and from that, THEY would be the ones with the 'capital to grow'.

Anyway. Suffice to say. The age of Capitalism and Academia is over.