When you look upon another.

You may see what they look like.


You may also choose to try and imagine some 'creature' - fantastical perhaps - that personifies them acutely or more chronically. Then you 'can see and remember something deep about them' instead of merely falling back to their charming smile or sweet words of some moment.

To attempt to do this, is perhaps 'psychosis', but to do it well is profound.


So take your favourite fantasy games or stories, and do not be afraid to see yourself as 'embodying' the 'evil kinds' or the 'brutish kinds', whatever it may be, simply try to understand all the 'facets' of you. All the depth to you, the many 'faces or forms' that you may acutely embody. Metamorphosis or transformation - shape shifting - what kind of 'lycantrophy' that you may possess; or perhaps what you more chronically simply are like. What lies your form suggest, in relation to what kind of will and emotion; daemon or being all in all, that you really beneath the surface and superficial *is*.

If you want an example of doing this, try to remap all you see of 'beings and cultures', in total variability and paradoxically mapping of humanity or persons, while watching a thing like @yaboytyler2617 on YouTube 'Warcraft Zones' Playlist; or take any other universe of fantasy or more 'visibly like this or that' incarnations/forms.

It is fruitful to envision the depth of what you think of another. Not in hateful terms of the other, but in understanding the difference. Distance. Distinction. Discerning and thus able to act in life upon it with intelligence to bring about more harmonious human and other animal interrelation.

And animal... You may too map animal Will or being or daemon into fantastical form too. If you happen to see life with a cuddle form, but really unendingly cruel, then perhaps it is fun: To imagine 'the sweet cat' a more monstrous malicious feline creature; or similarly, understanding that feline 'evil' or 'way of life enjoying the torture and death of other life' as a potential form/aspect/totem a person can embody or have part of them.

This is what the ancients did, this is what the Mesopotamian Griffons, Bull Idol like Moloch, Baal or minoan minotaur and so on. "Head of a Bull; Fully horned": What does it mean?


The second way to use fantasy for any purpose, is to 'remove cringe' or what somehow emotionally repulses you, makes it too 'gorey' or 'violent' or perhaps 'egregious' or 'socially embarressing'. Then keep only that which you can bear as envsioning or perhaps more importantly: "When communicating to others".


I've said it before, but I'll say it again: I want to save EVERYONE.

I want the most evil demonic or cruel to survive. Then I want them known and separated, but entities of our world.
I want the most evil aesthetic to also carry real evil within. I want it all 'controlled' sufficiently to have those simply Minimal Benevolence Codex upheld and abided by -- de facto.
But beyond that: I want the HOLISTIC view of it all. Not my wishful moralizing of what OUGHT to be 'good in the long term or eternal'. I want IT or THEM to live to, and show me the truth they carry and embody. Why *they live or were born* what truths of their functioning or existence makes them become through the chain or *grand tapestry of life*.

I mentioned the AR engine and Phase Shifting, Aejectivities and the consequence of having different 'truths' and 'oughts' in relation to coalescence. What it may result in, if the 'truths' one wants, is to be treated like and viewed as the ultimate god: "You may find yourself in a very lonely world, without anyone else, you may be entirely void of real qualia or consciousness to share your phase with". I.e. The Loneliest God.




