# Iranian Suggestion and Perspective Necessary
Justification for attacks: Oppression of the people.

Solution: Inheritance of territory for dissidents proportional to their quantity minus some status quo stability concerns.


As an example: Iran could deflate the military morale and justification for the intervention or attacks, simply by allowing UN constant surveillance of their WMD capacity (aka sufficiently open borders to allow for UN actors to monitor any facility possibly sufficient to covertly building such things). Insofar they simultaneously allow for the partition of IRAN into 'republics' with sovereignty. Such as the Liberal Sphere, The Archaic Pagan sphere (Acchaemennid persian empire varieties) as well as the caliphate oriented such as the current one. Or any other variety that the population seeks. See Triadization Document for a potential further iterations upon the initial deflation of military action against Iran.

This would save not only the lives of the ones who will be lost in the military confrontation and whatever escalations or derivative effects that would occur; as well as the ones lost to means with which the iranian government attempts to stay in power and have conformity with their way of life. (The Isa suggestion: Voluntary. Which is to say: Let people go free. Which is also the Mosaic suggestion: Let them go.)

Iran is in a position, where the longer they delay such an action, the weaker they will be. Had they done Triadization in the past months instead of suppressionof the riots or dissidents or diverging desires of ways of life. Then certainly, the justification could not have sticked.

Whether or not it is true, or another "Assad is killing civilians with chemical weapons at any moment where he winning because lack of sufficient military intervention by western/israeli sphere"; Then certainly the justification could not have sticked, had they allowed and facilitated each divergence to finds 'their home' under 'Iranian Union' or Caliphate or whatever you wish to call it.


The issue is: They are way too intolerant, even if they themselves, need not suffer looking at what they do not tolerate (in different Traids/'republics'/'states'/'zones'). Imagine the Trans or Gay movement in full western form in some state/Triad of 'Iranian Union'. It is quite clear, is it not? They could not tolerate it. Could they tolerate a woman showing her hair in some of the Triads? Or Libertine or Liberal ways of life?

One has to be real about who the population is, and how to unify them; if all a regime can offer is "conform or die", then that regime, will fall. One way or another.

The very least Iran could do: "conform or exile".

The path towards global or western interplay: "conform to your Triad or make your own" segmentation of Iran under its root-sovereignty (Usually the geopolitical reality of Horns/Might). Which is why Iran is standing to lose their root-sovereignty of it all by delaying it.


The choice is theirs', and theirs alone.



# Advice for America et al
MWD standard method: 'attack vector proven, without payload'.

The eternally haunting question for the Allies. Was the Holo Caust (Burnt Offering) of populations of The Axis necessary or not to end the war 'as clean as possible': To make the surrender inevitable; to make fighting known as entirely futile.


To paint it perfectly: Take Nagasaki and Hiroshima. Would it have sufficed to drop the nuclear bombs **OFF SHORE**.

Displaying the potency of the attack capacity and comparative advantage edge.


The equivalent variety of today: To prove the capacity to bypass their defenses and destroy all their military capacity without massive morale loss.

To show the iranian government, that the top of their head will be cut off, week after week after week, until they have surrendered, by displaying that they have attack vectors that can strike them, though provide them opportunity to surrender before activating the deadly payloads.

What does that concretely look like?

1) Assassinations of Kamakazi Drone Strikes exploding as flashbang and permanently staining chemical paint/residue upon the target
2) Missile striking location without the explosives. To present armament sufficient 'not to sustain a strike campaign for weeks or months'; but rather to present capacity to instantly blow out all military bases of Iran in a day.


THEIR CHOICE.




